Add contribution documentation (#47)
WordPress/performance: docs/Getting-started.md

# Start contributing to the Performance plugin

> This guide is intended to give details on how to contribute to the Performance plugin. From setting up the development environment to creating pull requests.

Reviewer: I think those need to be connected since the latter is not a full sentence by itself. Maybe like this?
```suggestion
This guide focuses on how to contribute to the Performance plugin, from setting up the development environment to creating pull requests.
```

## Prerequisites
- Node.js

> - Docker

Reviewer: Can we put links to those two here as well?
* https://nodejs.org/
* https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop

- [Git](https://git-scm.com)

## Setup the development environment

### Clone the repository
Start by cloning the repository into your local machine. To do this, run the following command in your terminal:

> `git clone https://github.com/WordPress/performance.git`

Reviewer: I think for a better reading flow, it would help to put all full commands in their own line, wrapping it with ``` instead of `. Comparing https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/docs/contributors/code/getting-started-with-code-contribution.md with https://github.com/WordPress/performance/blob/add/39-contributing-documentation/docs/Getting-started.md, I think the Gutenberg doc is easier to follow with its commands broken out in individual lines.

If you agree, let's apply the change to this whole doc?

Author: I'm not sure if I correctly understand this @felixarntz. Can you add a snippet to illustrate?

Reviewer: @JustinyAhin I mean like this:
```
git clone https://github.com/WordPress/performance.git
```

If you put ``` around code and split it between lines, it renders in its own code block rather than inline, which makes it easier to spot.

Author: Oh you are right, this is much cleaner.

### Install the local development dependencies
To install the local development dependencies, run the following command in your terminal:
`npm install`

### Start the local WordPress environment

> The Performance plugin uses Docker and `[wp-env](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-env) to start a local WordPress environment.

Reviewer: Either there's a missing ` character here or one too many? :)
```suggestion
The Performance plugin uses Docker and [the wp-env package](https://developer.wordpress.org/block-editor/reference-guides/packages/packages-env) to start a local WordPress environment.
```

First, make sure Docker is installed, up and running on your machine. Then, run `npm run wp-env start` to start the WordPress environment. The WordPress development site will be available at `http://localhost:8080`.

### Stop the local WordPress environment
The following command will stop the WordPress environment:
`npm run wp-env stop`

## Create a pull request

> A pull request must be created to submit changes to the Performance plugin. Pull requests should refer to an issue in the [repository issue tracker](https://github.com/WordPress/performance).

Reviewer: Nit-pick, but maybe put the link for `https://github.com/WordPress/performance/issues` instead, since that's where the issues are?

Also I wonder if we should call this out a bit more explicitly, that it's recommended to open an issue to first discuss/review an idea _before_ opening a pull-request. It's not a strict requirement, but in most cases it makes sense, unless the PR is e.g. to fix a typo or something really minor.

I would go as far as saying maybe we should put another brief section about `Open an issue` above the `Create a pull request` section.

Author: Yeah, it makes sense to have an `Open an issue` section.

> For better triaging, it is recommended that each pull request receive a `[Type] xyz`, `[Focus] xyz` or `[Infrastructure]` labels.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be clarified a bit: Every pull-request should receive both a `[Type] xyz` label _and_ either a `[Focus] xyz` or `Infrastructure` label.

The first is to classify what type of task this is, the second is which area it belongs to.

Author: That's what I initially thought. But I wondered about documentation PRs for instance. Are they about `Infrastructure`?

Reviewer: @JustinyAhin Good question - I'd say yes, but for documentation PRs it wouldn't be as critical since they would likely not appear in changelogs. Still, I think it's a good pattern to always add those labels.
